Your lips are like ice.
You are as hungry as a person who seems like they have never seen food before.
Your presence is like an uninvited guest.
Your lips are like cracked ice.
Your lips are like slugs.
Your hair looks like a large hat.
Your hair looks like a tangled rope.
You make me feel like an acquaintance.
Your lips are like a sad clown's.
Your clothes make a real statement.
You make me feel like a wet blanket.
Your presence is like a shadow.
Your lips are like a trout's.
Your presence is like a breakdown about to happen.
You look as tired as your clothes.
You make me feel like I don’t matter.
Your approach is like that of statue that has been blown over.
Your approach is like a hammer hitting a nail.
You make me feel like a sad puppy.
Your clothes make you look old.
You look as tired as a hazy day.
Your manners are as flippant as a seal.
Your lips are like a dead person's.
You have the face of a chimpanzee.
You make me feel like sticking my fingers down my throat and puking.
You are as hungry as a lion.
Your approach is like lightning.
You have the face of a politician.
With that hairstyle, you look like a beehive. 
Your presence is like a puppy in a pet shop.
Your approach is like sandpaper on skin.
You have the face of a glistening waterfall.
You are as hungry as a fat kid.
Your clothes make me want to go to a 70s disco night.
Your lips are like dried raisins.
You have the face of someone who has sat in a damp patch.
Your lips are like a flower in winter - need some extra care.
Your hair looks like a sheep dog.
You are as hungry as an obese guy who hasn't eaten for weeks.
Your clothes make you appear larger than you are.
With that hairstyle, you look like you got caught in the wind.
Your clothes make you look fat.
You look as tired as the dead.
Your manners are as clear as a foggy day.
Your presence is like someone trapped in an elevator.
With that hairstyle, you look like a librarian in a British boarding school.
You have the face of an aged man.
Your clothes make you look very large.
You are as hungry as a bear.
Your presence is like that of a wasp.
Your hair looks like you have been running for half an hour.
Your approach is like an axe chopping wood.
Your hair looks like hay.
You have the face of a monkey.
Your lips are like an emery board.
Your presence is like a dark stormy night.
With that hairstyle, you look like you had a fight and lost.
With that hairstyle, you look like a tired person.
You look as tired as night.
Your clothes make no sense.
Your hair looks like it's been trimmed.
You are as dull as dishwater.
Your approach is like a bad golfer. 
Your manners are as refined as a pig in a barrel.
You have the face of someone only a mother could love.
Your lips are like limp, dead fish.
You are as hungry as the wolf.
Your approach is like a meteor hitting a mountain.
Your hair looks like a wet mop.
With that hairstyle, you look like you've been running.
You are as smart as a toad.
You look as tired as a wilting plant.
You are as hungry as a fat man.
Your manners are as coarse as sandpaper.
Your approach is like a waste of time.
Your manners are as good as a monkey's.
You are as hungry as a pug.
Your manners are as cold as ice.
You look as tired as as someone who hasn't slept for a hundred years.
You look as tired as someone who hasn't slept for two weeks.
With that hairstyle, you look like a dense leafy tree.
Your lips are like a cracked glacier.
With that hairstyle, you look like a clown.
Your face is as pale as a sheet.
Your manners are as offensive as the worst possible stand up comedian.
With that hairstyle, you look like you aren't sure what you want.
With that hairstyle, you look like you've been dragged through a hedge backwards.
Your approach is like an autistic kid let out of the house for the first time.
Your hair looks like a wig.
You have the face of thunder.
Your presence is like a cactus in the middle of a bunch of flowers.
Your presence is like a stabbing pain in my eye.
Your clothes make you look like you need to go shopping for some.
You make me feel like a plant which has been watered with vinegar.
Your hair looks like a bird's nest.
You make me feel like hiding when you ring the doorbell.
Your approach is like is loud it can be heard in the Australian outback.
Your clothes make you fill the room.
You are as hungry as a horse.
Your manners are as good as your golf skills. 
You are as hungry as twenty people.
You look as tired as a worn out dishcloth.
Your clothes make people laugh.
You have the face of a clown.
Your presence is like a clown.
With that hairstyle, you look like a privet hedge.
Your presence is like a parent has turned up at the party.
Your lips are like a fish.
Your lips are like the Gobi desert.
Your hair looks like a cloudy day.
You make me feel like a volcano about to errupt.
You look as tired as as an old tractor tyre that the farmer has run into the ground.
You look as tired as an old dishcloth.
Your hair looks like a nest.
You are as dull as ditchwater.
You are as hungry as a pig.
With that hairstyle, you look like an old man.
Your lips are like they haven't found the right colour yet.
You are as hungry as a fattened pig.
You are as hungry as a bottom swallowing a thong.
Your hair looks like it has a mind of its own.
Your manners are as limited as a child's.
Your clothes make you appear twice your size.
With that hairstyle, you look like you've been dragged through a storm.
Your presence is like a spectre at a feast.
Your approach is like a bull in a china shop.
Your manners are as smooth as a crowd of football supporters.
You make me feel like bringing up my lunch.
You make me feel like a dustbin.
With that hairstyle, you look like you need a new mirror.
Your hair looks like you sucked it up into the vacuum.
You make me feel like dog poo. 
Your approach is like you don't care as much usual.
Your approach is like a sledge hammer.
You have the face of a porcelain mug.
With that hairstyle, you look like an overgrown hedge.
Your clothes make me feel sick.
With that hairstyle, you look like you're wearing a helmet.
You have the face of a grey stone statue.
Your clothes make you ten years older.
You make me feel like I am going to be sick.
Your approach is like a bus crashing into a oil tanker.
You have the face of a thundery day.
Your approach is like a map that leads to nowhere.
You are as hungry as a man returning from space.
Your presence is like you're not even there.
You have the face of a cow.
Your lips are like a badly plastered wall.
You have the face of someone who's been eating lemons.
Your presence is like a wandering minstrel.
Your approach is like typing whilst wearing boxing gloves.
With that hairstyle, you look like you got ready in a hurry.
Your clothes make me want to laugh. 
You are as hungry as a herd of elephants.
Your presence is like cold custard.
You are as hungry as a hippo.
You have the face of a thunderstorm.
You have the face of a ghost.
You look as tired as someone who has been running a mile.
Your presence is like a breath of fresh air.
You are as smart as a neanderthal.
You are as deaf as a doorpost.
You make me feel like I went to manners school.
Your clothes make you seem like a bag-lady.
Your clothes make me smile.
Your hair looks like an explosion.
Your hair looks like you have changed it. 
You are as hungry as a vacuum.
You are as hungry as a wilted flower.
You have the face of squashed pumpkin.
Your hair looks like it was quick to do.
Your presence is like play school.
Your hair looks like a garden when the gardener called in sick for a month.
You make me feel like the spectator of a car crash. 
Your clothes make you look like you don't care.
Your lips are like a pale white sheet.
You are as hungry as a marathon finisher.
You have the face of a sad person.
Your manners are as refined as a monkey's.
You look as tired as an overtime worker.
You make me feel like a spare part.
You look as tired as an old handbag.
You look as tired as a single mother of four.
With that hairstyle, you look like a homeless person.
You look as tired as a cat.
Your hair looks like it is perfect for Halloween.
You make me feel like ripping my own arm off to beat myself to death.
Your hair looks like cotton wool.
You look as tired as my old tea towel.
You make me feel like laughing.
You have the face of mashed peas.
Your approach is like a giant fat slug.
Your approach is like that of someone with brain damage.
With that hairstyle, you look like you've aged.
With that hairstyle, you look like you've just got out of bed.
Your presence is like a cloud across the sky, you are needed and useful but can sometimes be difficult to see.
Your lips are like dry leaves.
Your presence is like a garbage can.
You look as tired as a dog.
You make me feel like I'm wearing a straight jacket.
Your hair looks like you have been electrocuted.
