Your voice is like a shrill.
Your hands are like a plate of sausages.
Your progress is like you would make more progress if you tried to run a marathon sat in an armchair. 
You look like a girl.
You laugh like a clown.
Your hands are like pieces of string.
Your smile is like the dying sun.
Your eyes are like glass balls.
You are as thin as dirty, old dish water.
Your voice is like a bell.
Your words are like stone. 
You sing like a off-tune whistle.
Your progress is like walking through toffee.
Your voice is like an army sergeant's.
You are acting like an animal that has been the subject of medical experiments.
Your eyes are like empty voids.
You are acting like you are carrying weights on your back.
You are acting like a runaway train.
Your voice is like someone hasn't turned on the microphone.
You laugh like a car trying to start its engine.
You sing like a karaoke fan.
Your progress is like a phone charging without being plugged in.
You are as fat as a house.
You look like someone who's lost a pound and found a penny.
You look like you've seen a ghost.
You look like an icy abyss.
You are as thin as a stick.
Your eyes are like puddles.
Your voice is like an alarm only dogs can hear.
Your eyes are like chunks of coal.
You are acting like a tantruming child.
Your words are like a baby's. 
You look like you have been dragged through a bush.
Your hands are like rakes.
Your hands are like shrivelled up, old prunes. 
You look like you have been dragged through a hedge backwards.
Your progress is like a tortoise.
Your progress is like an iron without steam.
Your hands are like jelly.
Your voice is like a whisper.
Your voice is like a firecracker.
Your words are like fire.
You look like you've done twelve rounds in a boxing ring with a heavyweight.
You are as thin as a matchstick drawing.
You are as thin as a string bean.
Your words are like someone who is just learning to read. 
Your voice is like you've just run a marathon.
Your words are like a punch to the gut.
Your smile is like a broken cliff.
Your hands are like a ghost's.
Your smile is like a mask.
You are as thin as papyrus.
You laugh like a kazoo. 
You are acting like a five year old.
You are acting like a lost soul.
Your hands are like paper.
You are as fat as a cow.
You are as thin as someone who has been living off coffee alone.
You are acting like a fraction of your age.
Your voice is like a foghorn.
You are acting like an angry beaver.
You sing like a mosquito on a sweltering night.
Your voice is like a cat has been strangled. 
You laugh like a cackling witch.
You laugh like you're faking it.
You are acting like an enraged bull during a china shop exhibition.
You are as thin as a piece of paper.
Your smile is like acid.
Your progress is like torture because it’s so slow and painful.
Your voice is like a trombone.
You are as cheap as chips.
You are acting like a dog in a park.
Your progress is like the shifting tectonic plates.
Your progress is like a sapling.
Your hands are like a fidgity squirrel.
You look like you haven't slept in days. 
Your smile is like a quarter moon and could be a full one.
Your smile is like an eclipse.
You are as thin as an elephant.
Your eyes are like an eagle.
Your eyes are like they are set in cement.
Your eyes are like a night shift worker on their way home after a shift.
You laugh like you have been inhaling helium.
Your progress is like a snail moving.
Your eyes are like a setting sun.
Your smile is like a yellow crayon.
You laugh like there's no one listening or watching. 
You are as thin as a pencil. 
You are acting like you have no education.
You look like a mess.
You sing like a thunderstorm.
You look like someone in need of a hug.
You sing like a skunk.
Your words are like a child has written them.
Your progress is like you're still at the start of the race.
Your hands are like a monkey's.
Your words are like stains on a white sheet.
Your hands are like a witches.
You are acting like you have no idea where you are heading.
You sing like a howling dog.
Your voice is like a car alarm.
You are acting like a jittery bird.
You laugh like a hyena.
Your eyes are like backwards binoculars.
Your smile is like a cob of corn.
You sing like a broken record.
Your voice is like an attack.
You laugh like a garbage disposal unit.
Your voice is like nails on a chalkboard.
Your hands are like claws.
Your progress is like wading through mud.
Your hands are like sausages.
Your smile is like an act.
You sing like a wailing cat.
Your hands are like a shaky washing machine.
You laugh like a train. 
Your progress is like an old printer printing a full colour page.
You are acting like you need a nap.
You are as thin as someone who’s just done an extreme diet.
You sing like a strangled goat.
Your eyes are like doorways into hell itself.
Your eyes are like dark pools.
You look like a cold winter's night.
You are as thin as a rail.
Your progress is like a dessert.
You laugh like a drain.
Your words are like a child's.
You sing like a hawk.
You look like you're lost.
Your hands are like those of a china doll.
Your words are like I'm being suffocated. 
You sing like a catfish.
Your smile is like a pale sun.
You are as thin as a rake.
Your smile is like a weeping willow.
Your voice is like a a drone. 
Your voice is like a painful cry.
You are acting like you're at the end of your tether.
Your progress is like watching paint dry.
You look like a glow stick.
You are as thin as a ghost.
You look like a complete mess.
Your voice is like a car horn.
You laugh like you're a habitual smoker.
Your words are like a blank dictionary.
Your words are like a knife. 
Your smile is like a fake designer bag being sold on the street.
Your eyes are like a sack of potatoes.
Your eyes are like windows.
Your smile is like you aren't feeling like yourself these days.
Your words are like icicles.
You are as thin as piece of wafer.
Your voice is like a soft breeze, but you can be more forceful when it's called for.
Your progress is like watching the phases of the moon.
Your hands are like buckets.
You are as thin as a noodle. 
You sing like a broken parrot.
You laugh like it's not really funny.
Your smile is like a graveyard.
You laugh like a loud clown.
You are as thin as a zombie.
You are acting like you are unhappy.
Your hands are like cold sausages.
You sing like the wind whistling through my windows on a rainy night.
Your eyes are like military grade lasers.
Your eyes are like fried eggs.
You sing like you are very passionate.
You look like the back end of a bus.
Your words cut like a knife.
Your smile is like it is upside down.
Your smile is like conscientious gymnast, always deliberate and well-practiced.
Your voice is like pins and needles.
Your progress is like it's stalled a bit.
Your skin is as pale as vanilla ice cream.
Your eyes are like pools of mud.
Your words are like an attack.
You sing like a piece of chalk on a blackboard.
You look like a homeless person.
Your voice is like a stream. 
Your smile is like the back of the moon.
You sing like a dying bird.
Your smile is like a daisy in amongst the sunflowers.
Your hands are like jellies.
Your eyes are like bugs.
Your smile is like an ill fitting mask.
Your progress is like a slow climb up a large mountain.
You look like you're not enjoying yourself.
You are as cheap as borscht.
Your words are like daggers.
You look like you're having a bad day.
Your progress is like you're stepping backwards.
Your input is as useful as a brick window.
Your words are like limp spaghetti.
Your smile is like a rough stone.
