Your nose is like something I have never seen before. 
Your nose is like a marker on a map.
You dance like an ok dancer.
You dance like a chimpanzee.
Your movements remind me of a plodding elephant.
You cry like someone forgot your birthday.
Your arms are like jelly.
You cry like a child.
Your clothes are like you are always on your way to a funeral.
You dance like a child.
Your words are as clear as mud.
Your face is like snow.
Your posture reminds me of Quasimodo.
You cry like you have an ocean of tears within you.
Your posture reminds me of a person who is completely overwhelmed.
You dance like an electric shock victim .
Your arms are like two sausages.
You cry like you are in pain.
Your posture reminds me of a deflated balloon.
You are sweating like a man on death row.
You are as common as dirt.
Your clothes are like you've been through a hedge.
Your posture reminds me of a giraffe.
Your movements remind me of the ocean.
Your conversations are like a stuttering engine.
You dance like a bear.
Your face is like a flying saucer.
Your conversations are like beating around a bush.
Your arms are like string cheese.
Your nose is like a locker that someone's trying to punch their way out of.
Your clothes are like a tent.
Your movements remind me of a dad dancing.
Your responses are so slow a snail could catch them.
Your input is like you are working on a different task than me.
Your face is like the face of somebody who has given up on life.
Your conversations are like you are talking to people in a foreign language.
You cry like a dramatic teenager who just found out their favourite show was cancelled.
Your arms are like so short I'm surprised you can find clothes that fit you.
Your movements remind me of an antelope.
Your conversations are like walking against a strong wind.
Your nose is like the sun.
Your nose is like the Niagara falls.
You are sweating like your parents saw what you did last night.
Your arms are like spaghetti.
Your movements remind me of a one-legged puppy.
Your arms are like a windmill.
You dance like a broken lamp.
Your movements remind me of a robot.
You dance like an engine running out of gas.
Your movements remind me of someone who’s taking part in a rally race.
Your arms are like a force of nature.
Your posture reminds me of weeping willow tree.
You are sweating like a fat person.
You dance like you lived in the 50's.
Your clothes are like the ones a charity shop would throw away.
You cry like a baby.
Your conversations are like a dull day. 
Your clothes are like a victorian gentleman designed them.
Your clothes are like prunes.
Your movements remind me of a ballet dancer with no training.
You are sweating like hot toast on a worktop.
Your clothes are like an old tree.
Your nose is like a chocolate button.
Your clothes are like a wrinkled sheet of paper.
Your face is like a puddle of mud.
You cry like a child who doesn't understand what happened to his favourite superhero.
Your movements remind me of someone disabled.
Your input is like a whirlwind.
Your clothes are like you picked them off your bedroom floor this morning.
Your input is like a sledgehammer.
Your conversations are like walking through treacle.
You dance like you've never heard music before.
You dance like a clown.
Your face is like a squashed tomato.
Your input is like an out of control printer.
Your input is like bird intelligence.
You are sweating like a waterfall.
Your input is like an an overexcited teacher's.
Your posture reminds me of a weary marathon runner.
You are sweating like a tap.
Your clothes are like you aren't feeling confident about yourself.
Your movements remind me of a slow cyclist.
Your posture reminds me of a plant which has been battered in a storm.
Your nose is like a mountain.
Your arms are like sticks.
Your arms are like thin knots on wire.
You are sweating like a pig.
Your movements remind me of a muscle twitch.
Your arms are like tree trunks.
Your nose is like a hook.
Your input is like a mudslide.
Your input is like a negative review.
You dance like a three-legged animal.
You dance like a used car lot blow-up.
Your conversations are like shots in the dark.
Your nose is like a play that runs for years.
You cry like someone who really wants to express emotions hard.
Your nose is like a melted mannequin. 
You dance like someone being electrocuted.
Your input is like vinegar on an open wound. 
Your input is like a garbled voicemail.
Your movements remind me of someone having a fit.
Your clothes are like crumpled up paper.
You are sweating like the ocean.
You dance like an ironing board.
Your arms are like pastry.
Your input is like using a marshmallow to hammer nails into a wall.
Your conversations are like you're meeting your boyfriend's parents for the first time.
You dance like your arms and legs are doing something different. 
You dance like no-one is watching.
Your conversations are like dry rice.
Your posture reminds me of contradictory feelings.
Your conversations are like a jigsaw of unrelated pieces.
Your face is like a prune.
Your input is like you don't want this project to succeed. 
Your input is like a clap of thunder.
Your arms are like a determined police officer directing traffic.
Your posture reminds me of a chimp.
Your clothes are like the clothes of an old man.
You are sweating like a dog in heat.
You cry like you've been wounded.
Your input is like the foam in sea.
You dance like you may need a few more lessons.
Your face is like a compendium of emotion.
Your arms are like wet noodles.
You cry like a toddler.
Your nose is like it is stuffed, or might be blocked - maybe you aren't feeling well.
Your conversations are like a TV soap.
Your nose is like a healthy dog's.
You cry like something is really wrong.
You a sweating like a sponge that has been squeezed.
Your clothes are like they are hanging off you.
Your conversations are like dogs howling. 
You are as common as muck.
You cry like a waterfall.
You dance like a moving lemur.
Your face is like it's as hot as the sun.
Your face is like a snooker ball.
Your conversations are like an empty room.
You are sweating like a marathon runner in the Sahara.
Your clothes are like they are borrowed.
Your posture reminds me of an elephant.
You cry like an overflowing drain.
Your face is like a sweaty mess.
Your nose is like a button.
You are sweating like a trooper.
Your nose is like an icicle.
You cry like the foghorn off our local beach.
Your input is like a baby giving their opinion on computer code.
Your nose is like an elephant trunk.
Your movements remind me of an alien.
Your movements remind me of a wasp beetle.
Your posture reminds me of an ill gorilla.
Your arms are like dowel rods.
Your face is like a cloudy day.
Your arms are like milky tubes.
Your clothes are like an old lady´s.
Your posture reminds me of an ironing board.
You cry like a downpour.
You are sweating like a block of ice in the hot sun.
Your face is like a ghost.
Your face is like a red stop light.
Your nose is like you've lied too much.
Your nose is like a dollar store witches nose.
You are sweating like a priest in a playground.
Your input is like a two year old trying to help.
Your movements remind me of a thriller movie.
You cry like a river after a storm.
Your movements remind me of a washing machine's spin cycle.
Your input is like a foghorn.
Your face is like a glowing lantern.
Your face is like a white sheet of paper.
You dance like a headless chicken.
Your conversations are like a glacier moving.
Your face is like a storm.
Your conversations are like someone who is in the clouds.
Your posture reminds me of a peeled orange rind.
Your attention span is smaller than a goldfish's.
Your face is like a thunderstorm.
Your conversations are like a swirling snowstorm.
Your movements remind me of a tornado. 
Your posture reminds me of someone very caught in the moment.
Your face is like a tomato.
You are sweating like a slave picking cotton.
Your conversations are like listening to a bad song on repeat. 
Your clothes are like work clothes.
You dance like a disco man.
You are sweating like a race horse that has just finished a three mile sprint.
Your nose is like something that could be used for fishing.
Your conversations are like talking to a brick wall in the middle of a desert.
You are sweating like a horse.
Your conversations are like those white noise machines people listen to in order to fall asleep.
Your movements remind me of jelly.
Your arms are like cooked spaghetti.
Your movements remind me of a robot.
Your input is like a magic eight ball.
Your posture reminds me of a willow tree.
Your input is like someone who didn’t study properly for a test.
Your posture reminds me of a banana.
Your movements remind me of a roller coaster.
You cry like a girl.
