Your driving style reminds me of a person who has been badly treated.
Your reaction reminds me of sleeping.
Your driving style reminds me of a learner. 
Your sunburn makes you look like a lobster.
Your manners are like an overbearing waiter.
Your reaction reminds me of opening champagne.
Your sunburn makes you look like a fire truck.
Your voice sounds like a screeching owl.
Your sunburn makes you look like a beetroot.
You walk like you’ve taken a dump in your pants.
You remind me of a tsunami.
You are built like a champion.
Your garden is like a field without any grass only not as pretty.
Your sunburn makes you look like an old piece of leather.
This dress makes you look like your hips are wider than usual.
You eat like a snail.
Your reaction reminds me of an actor. 
Your comments are like what kindergarten students use.
This dress makes you look like you are suffering.
You eat like you haven't had any great food in a while.
Your manners are like they would offend a caveman.
You walk like a decrepid old thing.
Your manners are like a pig's.
Your comments are like a storm on a summer's day.
Your reaction reminds me of a shocked cat.
Your comments are like a clanging bell.
Your voice sounds like it's going to give up soon.
You remind me of a train wreck.
Your manners are like a monkey's.
This dress makes you look like a nun.
You eat like an animal.
Your manners are like the opposite of good customer service.
You eat like a warthog.
You eat like you are in a stuff-yourself-competition.
You remind me of pain.
Your comments are like shallow water lacking depth.
You walk like a duck.
You eat like you're starving.
Your manners are like you want to be liked, but you should feel confident to tell the truth.
Your manners are like a barnyard animal.
Your manners are like you learned them from a video.
Your garden is like a tip.
Your voice sounds like it is getting better all the time.
This dress makes you look like you wanted to include every colour.
Your comments are like a sigh.
Your voice sounds like you have blocked sinuses.
You are built like a brick shed. 
Your reaction reminds me of a baboon.
You walk like a model. 
Your driving style reminds me of a grand prix on a good day.
Your voice sounds like chalk on a chalkboard.
Your manners are like a secret door, always closed.
This dress makes you look like a parent.
You eat like a hungry person.
You walk like a giraffe.
Your comments are like insults to my intelligence.
Your comments are like a quiet breeze, they mean nothing.
You eat like it's going out of fashion.
You eat like a digger.
Your reaction reminds me of a startled rabbit.
Your voice sounds like a piece of raspy sandpaper.
You walk like you have three legs and four pockets full of rubble.
Your garden is like a sea of trash.
You walk like your feet aren't attached to your legs.
You eat like someone with stomach ulcers presented with a buffet of spicy food.
Your manners are like a toddler learning to say please and thank you.
Your sunburn makes you look like you have had a chemical peel.
Your driving style reminds me of trying to escape the police.
You are built like a brick outhouse.
Your comments are like having a fever in the middle of a heatwave.
Your comments are like a dog whistle.
This dress makes you look like a new woman.
You eat like a pig.
You walk like a disabled cat. 
This dress makes you look like you live in a barn.
Your garden is like a shed.
Your comments are like compliments, so they can be difficult to interpret if you don't like what someone is saying.
You are built like Brutalist architecture.
Your sunburn makes you look like a fresh red apple.
Your reaction reminds me of the Tasmanian devil.
You walk like a scared penguin walking towards the rough sea.
You eat like a doll.
Your sunburn makes you look like you've been dipped in red paint.
Your manners are like a storm.
Your manners are like well no manners really.
This dress makes you look like you're having a duvet day.
This dress makes you look like you couldn’t make it to an art shop and only had time to use things at home.
Your voice sounds like a screaming cat.
You are built like a house.
You remind me of a poor soul.
Your driving style reminds me of a car crash. 
This dress makes you look like a pile of rags.
You eat like you have worms.
Your comments are like an argument.
You walk like a wrestler.
You remind me of someone in need of a good rest.
You are built like a fort.
Your reaction reminds me of someone that's just been told they've got a secret brother.
Your garden is like a burned desert.
Your sunburn makes you look like a ripe tomato.
Your sunburn makes you look like you have full body embarassment 24/7.
You walk like someone who needs a rest.
You are built like a tank.
Your voice sounds like a cheese grater.
Your garden is like a bomb site.
You remind me of a cloudy day.
Your comments are like bumper stickers written by a four year old.
You eat like a three year old.
Your driving style reminds me of a kangaroo on speed.
You eat like the tall man that you are.
Your voice sounds like an out of tune instrument.
Your garden is like a sewer. 
Your conversations are as dull as dishwater.
Your comments are like something a frosty family would say.
This dress makes you look like squat.
Your voice sounds like you have inhaled helium.
You are built like a Tonka truck.
Your voice sounds like car brakes squealing.
This dress makes you look like a dog trapped in a sack.
Your driving style reminds me of a glacier.
Your voice sounds like someone who had a rough night.
Your reaction reminds me of a deflated balloon. 
You remind me of that person from the cold and flu advert. 
Your sunburn makes you look like a light breeze could peel your skin.
You are built like a professional race car driver.
Your garden is like a refugee camp. 
Your reaction reminds me of nothing. 
You eat like you haven't eaten in days.
You remind me of a flat tyre.
Your driving style reminds me of a blind person driving
Your voice sounds like a distant echo.
Your reaction reminds me of a toddler.
Your reaction reminds me of a drug user looking for heroine. 
You walk like a shadow.
Your sunburn makes you look like a lobster on a sunbed.
Your sunburn makes you look like a red balloon.
Your driving style reminds me of nothing that would resemble driving.
You remind me of a cat on a hot tin roof.
You are built like a racing driver.
Your comments are like spiders in ice-cream.
Your driving style reminds me of a child driving a pretend car in nursery.
You eat like you have no teeth.
You remind me of a goldfish.
Your garden is like a jungle.
Your nose bears a lot of similarity to a pineapple.
You eat like you have not eaten in days.
Your manners are like a bull in a china shop.
Your voice sounds like you've got tonsilitis.
Your reaction reminds me of a little girl.
You remind me of the colour brown.
Your voice sounds like a rasp.
This dress makes you look like a horror show.
Your sunburn makes you look like a well-ripened pepper.
Your sunburn makes you look like a doll painted totally red.
Your garden is like a mess.
You remind me of a lost dog.
You remind me of roadkill.
You remind me of a dried leaf.
You remind me of a dog slobbering over its dinner.
Your comments are like an alien from mars.
Your driving style reminds me of a ride at the fairground.
Your sunburn makes you look like burnt sausages.
This dress makes you look like a washer woman.
You eat like a wilting rose.
You walk like you are treading on broken glass.
This dress makes you look like you are starring in a musical.
Your reaction reminds me of a mute.
Your reaction reminds me of a jester.
Your garden is like an overgrown forest.
You remind me of a pig when you eat.
You are built like a huge unit.
You remind me of a stormy night.
Your manners are like students in freshers week.
Your sunburn makes you look like an orange.
You remind me of a clown when you wear makeup.
Your comments are like the bloopers of a film.
You walk like a tightrope walker.
Your driving style reminds me of a dodgem.
Your manners are like you don't care if I like you or not. 
Your driving style reminds me of riding a roller coaster.
You remind me of a rash.
Your driving style reminds me of watching paint dry. 
Your manners are like a German racing for a sun lounger.
Your voice sounds like someone hit a cat with a lawnmower.
Your reaction reminds me of a corpse.
Your smile is comparable to that of a toad.
You are built like a shack.
Your voice sounds like a powerful storm blowing through the concert hall.
You are built like a teddy bear.
You are built like a sumo wrestler. 
Your comments are like someone reciting memorized multiplication tables.
You remind me of a beanstalk.
Your driving style reminds me of a monkey at the wheel.
Your garden is like a forest.
You walk like someone walking through fire.
Your driving style reminds me of a rally driver.
You eat like a hungry monkey.
You are built like someone who needs a lot of sustenance.
Your manners are like someone who acts aloof.
You walk like you have a broom wedged up your backside.
Your manners are like a small child.
