Your skin is like crepe paper.
Your skin is like the colour of the snow in the arctic.
Your attitude is like a thunder cloud.
Your attitude is like the road is war and other drivers are the enemies.
Your room is like a dark hotel room.
You move like you're holding the whole world on your shoulders.
You move like a body builder.
You move like a burns victim.
Your responses are like white noise.
You behave like no one is around. 
Your responses are like you are being personally attacked.
Your attitude is like a hurricane.
You talk like someone who has been hurt by others.
Your responses are like they were said without thinking.
Your responses are like someone who has just woken from a coma. 
Your responses are like you really need to clear your head and refresh yourself.
You are as modern as a flip phone.
Your responses are like fire. 
Your skin is like someone in a black and white photo.
You talk like you're unsure.
You drive like you're in a horse and cart.
You move like you are wading through mud.
You are as modern as a hermit. 
Your attitude is like muck.
You behave like a mime.
You behave like it's your last meal.
You reacted like a virgin.
You talk like an icicle.
Your room is like a dirty drug den. 
Your skin is like a wet blanket.
Your skin is like a piece of crepe.
You reacted like your arthritis somehow got worse.
You drive like you're driving an ambulance. 
Your responses are like it's painful for you to talk.
You are as modern as the stone age people.
Your responses are like stones sinking to the bottom of a pond.
You move like a snowman waiting for his scarf.
You are as modern as those in the middle ages.
You reacted like dough in the sea.
You talk like a mouse on helium.
You are as modern as a Stone Age man's grandma. 
You reacted like it was your first time experiencing a fun time.
Your attitude is like a toddler tantruming in the aisles.
You move like a pregnant cow.
Your responses are like sandpaper.
You cook like a hospitable giant.
You drive like a race car driver.
You drive like you're about to lose control of your bowels.
You are as modern as as the cavemen.
You drive like a chimpanzee.
You drive like the speed of lightening.
You are as modern as the exhibits in a museum.
Your attitude is like the steam on my poo.
You behave like you've not eaten in weeks.
You move like your energy has been sapped away.
Your attitude is like a broken umbrella.
You are as modern as a grannie.
Your skin is like a white sheet.
Your skin is like tissue paper.
Your attitude is like a great white shark.
You cook like a school dinner lady.
You drive like an old person, who is also blind.
You cook like you are rushing.
You move like you have the weight of the world on your shoulders. 
You are as modern as the plague.
You are drive like you are busting to use the bathroom.
Your skin is like a badly burnt pizza.
You are as modern as the queen. 
You cook like a school dinner lady that is trying to kill all the students.
You behave like a dark cloud.
You cook like you have no tastebuds.
You reacted like you got caught with your trousers down.
Your face looks like it's been hit with a spade.
Your skin is like a crater on the moon.
Your responses are like a talking to a tree.
Your attitude is like a teenager's.
You are as modern as an old person. 
You move like a bull in a china shop.
Your attitude is like you thought chopping off the arm was cool when all it needed was a plaster.
You move like an old person.
Your attitude is like a mini tornado.
Your responses are like a cat with its head in box.
Your responses are like a tanker trying to do a U-turn in the ocean.
You reacted like a two year old.
Your attention span is like a gnat.
You talk like an express train.
You talk like a ghost.
You drive like an armless child.
Your room is like a bare canvas.
You cook like an old person without a brain. 
You move like you're hurt.
Your hair is as silky as sandpaper.
You cook like you've never seen an oven before.
You cook like you dance. 
Your attention span is like a child's.
Your room is like a car crash.
You behave like a toddler on acid.
You drive like a learner.
You talk like a parrot.
You talk like a child.
You reacted like a woman.
You move like a penguin.
Your responses are like you're brain dead. 
You drive like you're in a movie.
Your skin is like wood.
You talk like a dull robot.
You cook like you've never turned on an oven before.
You talk like a foreigner who doesn't know we speak their language.
You talk like you've just seen a pig fly.
You talk like a monkey with a mouth full of nuts.
You drive like you have no sense of danger.
Your room is like a DIY project.
You talk like a waning candle.
Your attention span is like a phone with its sleep mode on after five seconds.
You move like slug on a Sunday.
You are as modern as a typewriter.
You drive like a scared rabbit.
You behave like a tide crashing crashing onto the shoreline.
You cook like a hospital canteen on a bad day.
Your attention span is like a winter's day.
Your attention span is like a flash on a circuit.
You talk like a robot.
You reacted like someone who has not faced up to themself.
Your attention span is like that of someone who only hears what they want to hear.
You reacted like a child who lost a balloon.
Your attention span is like a scattergun.
Your room is like a cesspit. 
You are as modern as history.
You cook like someone who is just starting to discover food.
You reacted like someone who is frozen in time.
You behave like you are running out of time.
You talk like a snake-oil salesman.
You are as modern as a high street tech shop.
Your attitude is like a hungry toddler's.
You drive like a boy racer.
You reacted like a lighthouse without a bulb.
You reacted like a child who had been kept in a cage since birth.
Your responses are like nothing I’ve ever seen.
You behave like an alien who's never eaten.
You talk like an old man with no teeth.
Your room is like the inside of a sewer.
Your room is like a monk's cell.
You reacted like a volcano.
You talk like someone with lots on their mind.
You cook like a servant for king's banquet.
Your attention span is like a nano second.
Your attention span is like that of a student studying performing arts.
You drive like you've just escaped from prison.
You are as modern as today.
You run like a headless chicken.
Your attention span is like the inner of a black hole, there is nothing.
You move like in a slow-motion film.
Your skin is like you've seen a ghost.
Your attention span is like an owl's.
You reacted like someone came into your house on Christmas eve and stole the presents.
You are as modern as bakelite.
You drive like nobody's watching.
Your responses are like you're half asleep.
You move like an old person who lost their bus pass.
Your room is like a homeless person lives here. 
Your attention span is like a trout's.
You drive like you will get the first prize.
You move like a rainy cloud.
You talk like words are going out of fashion.
You run faster than a minnow can swim a dipper.
Your room is like a partly complete show room. 
Your skin is like the colour of the moon.
Your attention span is like a goldfish's.
You cook like you read the instructions backwards. 
Your room is like a civil service office block.
You behave like you're starved.
Your room is like a padded cell.
You are as modern as a caveman.
Your attitude is like a swamp.
Your attitude is like dirt.
You reacted like a little girl.
You move like you're depressed.
Your responses are like those of a dead man.
Your attention span is like a leaf in the wind.
You behave like you haven't eaten in a while.
You cook like a student.
You cook like you're cooking for a large family.
Your attention span is like melting snow.
You move like you're late for an important meeting.
Your attention span is like someone who doesn't know the definition of concentration.
You move like a gorilla.
Your skin is like rubber.
Your attitude is like pond slime.
You talk like a fish wife.
You move like an old lady.
You behave like you don't know what is right and wrong.
You cook like a refrigerator.
You behave like you've not seen food in days.
Your attention span is like a moth surrounded by lightbulbs.
You behave like an overfed lion.
You are as modern as a cassette player.
Your attitude is like a warrior.
You cook like a blind man. 
You talk like a teenager.
You behave like a dog.
Your attitude is like a robot with no conscience.
You reacted like you had seen someone eat your chocolate.
Your responses are like someone has never had an adult conversation with you before.
